src/main.md, before:

---
title: Signal Processing Educational Resources
author: Michael Adams
geometry: margin=1in
output: pdf_document
---

# Open-Access Textbooks

1. Michael D. Adams,
   Signals and Systems,
   Edition 4.0,
   University of Victoria,
   Victoria, Canada,
   Jan. 2022,
   xliv + 690 pages.
   ISBN 978-0-9879197-7-9 (PDF).
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/sigsysbook).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/sigsysbook/downloads/signals_and_systems-4.0.pdf).

1. Michael D. Adams,
   Lecture Slides for Signals and Systems,
   Edition 4.0,
   University of Victoria,
   Victoria, Canada,
   Jan. 2022,
   xviii + 787 slides,
   ISBN 978-0-9879197-9-3 (PDF).
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/sigsysbook).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/sigsysbook/downloads/lecture_slides_for_signals_and_systems-4.0.pdf).

1. Michael D. Adams,
   Multiresolution Signal and Geometry Processing:
   Filter Banks, Wavelets, and Subdivision (Version 2013-09-26),
   University of Victoria,
   Victoria, BC, Canada,
   Sept. 2013,
   xxxviii + 538 pages.
   ISBN 978-1-55058-508-7 (PDF),
   ISBN 978-1-55058-507-0 (print).
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/waveletbook).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/waveletbook/downloads/multiresolution_signal_and_geometry_processing-2013-09-26-uvic-v2.pdf).

1. Michael D. Adams,
   Lecture Slides for Multiresolution Signal and Geometry Processing
   (Version 2015-02-03),
   University of Victoria,
   Victoria, BC, Canada,
   Feb. 2015,
   xi + 587 slides,
   ISBN 978-1-55058-535-3 (print),
   ISBN 978-1-55058-536-0 (PDF).
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/waveletbook).
   [Slides (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/waveletbook/downloads/lecture_slides_for_multiresolution_signal_and_geometry_processing-2015-02-03-uvic.pdf).

1. Andrew K. Bolstad and Julie A. Dickerson,
   Open Signals and Systems Laboratory Exercises.
   [Web Site](https://www.iastatedigitalpress.com/plugins/books/68/).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.iastatedigitalpress.com/plugins/books/68/format/96/).

1. Allen B. Downey,
   Think DSP --- Digital Signal Processing in Python,
   Version 1.1.4,
   Green Tea Press,
   Needham, MA, USA,
   2014\.
   [Web Site](https://greenteapress.com/wp/think-dsp).
   [Textbook (PDF)](http://greenteapress.com/thinkdsp/thinkdsp.pdf).

1. Robert M. Gray,
   Introduction to Statistical Signal Processing,
   [Web Site](https://ee.stanford.edu/~gray/sp.html).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://ee.stanford.edu/~gray/sp.pdf).

1. Jelena Kovačević, Vivek K Goyal, and Martin Vetterli,
   Fourier and Wavelet Signal Processing,
   Jan. 2013,
   272 pages.
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.fourierandwavelets.org).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.fourierandwavelets.org/FWSP_a3.2_2013.pdf).

1. Masaaki Nagahara,
   Sparsity Methods for Systems and Control,
   Boston-Delft: now publishers,
   2020\.
   <http://dx.doi.org/10.1561/9781680837254>
   [Web Site](https://www.nowpublishers.com/article/BookDetails/9781680837247).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://nowpublishers.com/article/DownloadEBook/9781680837247?format=pdf).

1. Sophocles J. Orfanidis,
   Introduction to Signal Processing,
   2010,
   783 pages.
   [Web Site](https://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/intro2sp).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/intro2sp/orfanidis-i2sp.pdf).

1. Sophocles J. Orfanidis,
   Optimum Signal Processing,
   Second edition,
   Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering,
   Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ, USA.
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/osp2e).
   [Textbook (PDF)](http://eceweb1.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/osp2e/osp2e.pdf).

1. Sophocles J. Orfanidis,
   Applied Optimum Signal Processing,
   [Web Site](https://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/aosp).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/aosp/aosp-1up.pdf).

1. Paolo Prandoni and Martin Vetterli,
   Signal Processing for Communications,
   2008\.
   [Web Site](https://www.sp4comm.org/index.html).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.sp4comm.org/docs/sp4comm_corrected.pdf).

1. Sadasivan Puthusserypady,
   Applied Signal Processing,
   2021,
   Boston-Delft: now publishers,
   <http://dx.doi.org/10.1561/9781680839791>
   [Web Site](https://www.nowpublishers.com/article/BookDetails/9781680839784).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://nowpublishers.com/article/DownloadEBook/9781680839784?format=pdf).

1. Steven W. Smith,
   The Scientist and Engineer's Guide to Digital Signal Processing,
   1999\.
   [Web Site](http://www.dspguide.com).
   [Web Site](https://www.analog.com/en/education/education-library/scientist_engineers_guide.html).

1. Michael Stiber, Bilin Zhang Stiber, and Eric C. Larson,
   Signal Computing: Digital Signals in the Software Domain,
   2020\.
   [Web Site](http://faculty.washington.edu/stiber/pubs/Signal-Computing).
   [Textbook (PDF)](http://faculty.washington.edu/stiber/pubs/Signal-Computing/Signal%20Computing.pdf).
   [GitHub](https://github.com/stiber/Signal-Computing).

1. Martin Vetterli, Jelena Kovačević, and Vivek K. Goyal,
   Foundations of Signal Processing,
   May 2014,
   715 pages.
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.fourierandwavelets.org).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.fourierandwavelets.org/FSP_v1.1_2014.pdf).

1. Martin Vetterli and Jelena Kovačević,
   Wavelets and Subband Coding,
   2007\.
   [Web Site](https://waveletsandsubbandcoding.org).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://waveletsandsubbandcoding.org/Repository/VetterliKovacevic95_Manuscript.pdf).

# Videos

- Michael D. Adams,
  Lecture Series for Continuous-Time Signals and Systems.
  [Time-Indexed Playlist (HTML)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~frodo/sigsysbook/video_lectures/ece260_2020_05_video_lecture_information_package/video_lectures.html).
  [Time-Indexed Playlist (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~frodo/sigsysbook/video_lectures/ece260_2020_05_video_lecture_information_package/video_lectures.pdf).
  [Annotated Examples (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~frodo/sigsysbook/video_lectures/ece260_2020_05_video_lecture_information_package/lecture_examples.pdf).
  [YouTube playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbHYdvrWBMxYGMvQ3QG6paNu7CuIRL5dX).

- Iman Moazzen.
  Signal Processing Hacks with Iman Moazzen - Continuous-Time Domain Tutorials.
  [YouTube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJ-OcUCIty7evBmHvYRv66RcuziszpSFB).

- Alan V. Oppenheim,
  MIT RES.6-008 Digital Signal Processing,
  1975
  [YouTube Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8157CA8884571BA2).

- Rich Radke,
  Digital Signal Processing (ECSE-4530) Lectures, Fall 2014.
  Lectures from Fall 2014's offering of ECSE-4530, Digital Signal Processing.
  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, USA.
  [YouTube Playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuh62Q4Sv7BUSzx5Jr8Wrxxn-U10qG1et).

- S.C Dutta Roy,
  Lecture Series:
  Electronics - Digital Signal Processing,
  Department of Electrical Engineering,
  Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, India.
  [YouTube Playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9567DFCA3A66F299).

- Barry Van Veen,
  Signal Processing Channel on YouTube,
  [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/allsignalprocessing).

# Online Courses

- MIT OpenCourseWare.
  Digital Signal Processing,
  2011.
  [Link](https://ocw.mit.edu/resources/res-6-008-digital-signal-processing-spring-2011).

Commit message:

document: Added a note about the associated Git repository.

src/main.md, after:

---
title: Signal Processing Educational Resources
author: Michael Adams
geometry: margin=1in
output: pdf_document
---

# Git Repository

This document is generated from the contents of following Git repository
on GitHub:
  - <https://github.com/mdadams/signal-processing-educational-resources.git>

# Open-Access Textbooks

1. Michael D. Adams,
   Signals and Systems,
   Edition 4.0,
   University of Victoria,
   Victoria, Canada,
   Jan. 2022,
   xliv + 690 pages.
   ISBN 978-0-9879197-7-9 (PDF).
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/sigsysbook).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/sigsysbook/downloads/signals_and_systems-4.0.pdf).

1. Michael D. Adams,
   Lecture Slides for Signals and Systems,
   Edition 4.0,
   University of Victoria,
   Victoria, Canada,
   Jan. 2022,
   xviii + 787 slides,
   ISBN 978-0-9879197-9-3 (PDF).
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/sigsysbook).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/sigsysbook/downloads/lecture_slides_for_signals_and_systems-4.0.pdf).

1. Michael D. Adams,
   Multiresolution Signal and Geometry Processing:
   Filter Banks, Wavelets, and Subdivision (Version 2013-09-26),
   University of Victoria,
   Victoria, BC, Canada,
   Sept. 2013,
   xxxviii + 538 pages.
   ISBN 978-1-55058-508-7 (PDF),
   ISBN 978-1-55058-507-0 (print).
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/waveletbook).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/waveletbook/downloads/multiresolution_signal_and_geometry_processing-2013-09-26-uvic-v2.pdf).

1. Michael D. Adams,
   Lecture Slides for Multiresolution Signal and Geometry Processing
   (Version 2015-02-03),
   University of Victoria,
   Victoria, BC, Canada,
   Feb. 2015,
   xi + 587 slides,
   ISBN 978-1-55058-535-3 (print),
   ISBN 978-1-55058-536-0 (PDF).
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/waveletbook).
   [Slides (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~mdadams/waveletbook/downloads/lecture_slides_for_multiresolution_signal_and_geometry_processing-2015-02-03-uvic.pdf).

1. Andrew K. Bolstad and Julie A. Dickerson,
   Open Signals and Systems Laboratory Exercises.
   [Web Site](https://www.iastatedigitalpress.com/plugins/books/68/).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.iastatedigitalpress.com/plugins/books/68/format/96/).

1. Allen B. Downey,
   Think DSP --- Digital Signal Processing in Python,
   Version 1.1.4,
   Green Tea Press,
   Needham, MA, USA,
   2014\.
   [Web Site](https://greenteapress.com/wp/think-dsp).
   [Textbook (PDF)](http://greenteapress.com/thinkdsp/thinkdsp.pdf).

1. Robert M. Gray,
   Introduction to Statistical Signal Processing,
   [Web Site](https://ee.stanford.edu/~gray/sp.html).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://ee.stanford.edu/~gray/sp.pdf).

1. Jelena Kovačević, Vivek K Goyal, and Martin Vetterli,
   Fourier and Wavelet Signal Processing,
   Jan. 2013,
   272 pages.
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.fourierandwavelets.org).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.fourierandwavelets.org/FWSP_a3.2_2013.pdf).

1. Masaaki Nagahara,
   Sparsity Methods for Systems and Control,
   Boston-Delft: now publishers,
   2020\.
   <http://dx.doi.org/10.1561/9781680837254>
   [Web Site](https://www.nowpublishers.com/article/BookDetails/9781680837247).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://nowpublishers.com/article/DownloadEBook/9781680837247?format=pdf).

1. Sophocles J. Orfanidis,
   Introduction to Signal Processing,
   2010,
   783 pages.
   [Web Site](https://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/intro2sp).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/intro2sp/orfanidis-i2sp.pdf).

1. Sophocles J. Orfanidis,
   Optimum Signal Processing,
   Second edition,
   Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering,
   Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ, USA.
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/osp2e).
   [Textbook (PDF)](http://eceweb1.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/osp2e/osp2e.pdf).

1. Sophocles J. Orfanidis,
   Applied Optimum Signal Processing,
   [Web Site](https://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/aosp).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~orfanidi/aosp/aosp-1up.pdf).

1. Paolo Prandoni and Martin Vetterli,
   Signal Processing for Communications,
   2008\.
   [Web Site](https://www.sp4comm.org/index.html).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.sp4comm.org/docs/sp4comm_corrected.pdf).

1. Sadasivan Puthusserypady,
   Applied Signal Processing,
   2021,
   Boston-Delft: now publishers,
   <http://dx.doi.org/10.1561/9781680839791>
   [Web Site](https://www.nowpublishers.com/article/BookDetails/9781680839784).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://nowpublishers.com/article/DownloadEBook/9781680839784?format=pdf).

1. Steven W. Smith,
   The Scientist and Engineer's Guide to Digital Signal Processing,
   1999\.
   [Web Site](http://www.dspguide.com).
   [Web Site](https://www.analog.com/en/education/education-library/scientist_engineers_guide.html).

1. Michael Stiber, Bilin Zhang Stiber, and Eric C. Larson,
   Signal Computing: Digital Signals in the Software Domain,
   2020\.
   [Web Site](http://faculty.washington.edu/stiber/pubs/Signal-Computing).
   [Textbook (PDF)](http://faculty.washington.edu/stiber/pubs/Signal-Computing/Signal%20Computing.pdf).
   [GitHub](https://github.com/stiber/Signal-Computing).

1. Martin Vetterli, Jelena Kovačević, and Vivek K. Goyal,
   Foundations of Signal Processing,
   May 2014,
   715 pages.
   [Textbook Web Site](https://www.fourierandwavelets.org).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://www.fourierandwavelets.org/FSP_v1.1_2014.pdf).

1. Martin Vetterli and Jelena Kovačević,
   Wavelets and Subband Coding,
   2007\.
   [Web Site](https://waveletsandsubbandcoding.org).
   [Textbook (PDF)](https://waveletsandsubbandcoding.org/Repository/VetterliKovacevic95_Manuscript.pdf).

# Videos

- Michael D. Adams,
  Lecture Series for Continuous-Time Signals and Systems.
  [Time-Indexed Playlist (HTML)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~frodo/sigsysbook/video_lectures/ece260_2020_05_video_lecture_information_package/video_lectures.html).
  [Time-Indexed Playlist (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~frodo/sigsysbook/video_lectures/ece260_2020_05_video_lecture_information_package/video_lectures.pdf).
  [Annotated Examples (PDF)](https://www.ece.uvic.ca/~frodo/sigsysbook/video_lectures/ece260_2020_05_video_lecture_information_package/lecture_examples.pdf).
  [YouTube playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbHYdvrWBMxYGMvQ3QG6paNu7CuIRL5dX).

- Iman Moazzen.
  Signal Processing Hacks with Iman Moazzen - Continuous-Time Domain Tutorials.
  [YouTube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJ-OcUCIty7evBmHvYRv66RcuziszpSFB).

- Alan V. Oppenheim,
  MIT RES.6-008 Digital Signal Processing,
  1975
  [YouTube Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8157CA8884571BA2).

- Rich Radke,
  Digital Signal Processing (ECSE-4530) Lectures, Fall 2014.
  Lectures from Fall 2014's offering of ECSE-4530, Digital Signal Processing.
  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, USA.
  [YouTube Playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuh62Q4Sv7BUSzx5Jr8Wrxxn-U10qG1et).

- S.C Dutta Roy,
  Lecture Series:
  Electronics - Digital Signal Processing,
  Department of Electrical Engineering,
  Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, India.
  [YouTube Playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9567DFCA3A66F299).

- Barry Van Veen,
  Signal Processing Channel on YouTube,
  [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/allsignalprocessing).

# Online Courses

- MIT OpenCourseWare.
  Digital Signal Processing,
  2011.
  [Link](https://ocw.mit.edu/resources/res-6-008-digital-signal-processing-spring-2011).
